README.md, before:

# web-developer-portfolio
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

## Description
This application introduces my style, my projects, and how to contact me. The landing page showcases my dedication to simple but beatiful web pages that are responsive to different screen sizes. The "portfolio" page displays past projects with a short description. Github links and application links are available for each project for further perusal. The portfolio page will be updated regularly with new projects as I learn new skills. The "contact me" page has links to my github page, my LinkedIn, and my email address and phone number. 

![Screenshot of the landing page](assets/img/landingpage.png)
![Screenshot of contact page](assets/img/contact-me.png)

Technologies used:
- HTML
- CSS
- Bootstrap

The application is accessible at https://abbynf.github.io/

Contact me at abbynfrandsen@gmail.com

## Credits
- CSS library: [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/)
- Background photo: [Simon Berger on Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/@8moments)
- Contact icons: [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/)
- Fonts: [Google fonts](https://fonts.google.com/)
- Box-shadow on portfolio page: [W3Schools.com](https://www.w3schools.com/css/css3_shadows_box.asp/)

Commit message:

added instructions to use app

README.md, after:

# web-developer-portfolio
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

## Description
This application introduces my style, my projects, and how to contact me. The landing page showcases my dedication to simple but beatiful web pages that are responsive to different screen sizes. The "portfolio" page displays past projects with a short description. Github links and application links are available for each project for further perusal. The portfolio page will be updated regularly with new projects as I learn new skills. The "contact me" page has links to my github page, my LinkedIn, and my email address and phone number. 

![Screenshot of the landing page](assets/img/landingpage.png)
![Screenshot of contact page](assets/img/contact-me.png)

## Instructions
1. Scroll down on the home page to view my background and technical skills. 
2. Click the portfolio link in the navigation menu to view my projects as a full-stack developer. 
3. Click on the 'Access application' button to view the deployed site of the project. 
4. Click on the 'View repository' button to view the code repository on Github.
5. On the contact page, click the icon to contact me through that method.

## Technologies used:
- HTML
- CSS
- Bootstrap

The application is accessible at https://abbynf.github.io/web-developer-portfolio/

## Contact me
Contact me at abbynfrandsen@gmail.com

## Credits
- CSS library: [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/)
- Background photo: [Simon Berger on Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/@8moments)
- Contact icons: [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/)
- Fonts: [Google fonts](https://fonts.google.com/)
- Box-shadow on portfolio page: [W3Schools.com](https://www.w3schools.com/css/css3_shadows_box.asp/)
